#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
argparse==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via bs4
black==21.12b0
    # via ipython
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
bs4==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==2.0.10
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via fiona
cligj==0.7.2
    # via fiona
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.4
    # via virtualenv
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
executing==0.8.2
    # via stack-data
filelock==3.4.2
    # via virtualenv
fiona==1.8.20
    # via geopandas
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
geopandas==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
identify==2.4.4
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-server==1.13.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyterlab==3.2.8
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.10.3
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
munch==2.5.0
    # via fiona
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclassic==0.3.5
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.10
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==6.4.7
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.22.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   qtpy
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==2.4.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pre-commit==2.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.24
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.1
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via packaging
pyproj==3.3.0
    # via geopandas
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-levenshtein==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via pre-commit
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.2.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.0.0
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
shapely==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   fiona
    #   munch
    #   python-dateutil
    #   virtualenv
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.1.4
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via pre-commit
tomli==1.2.3
    # via black
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via black
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
virtualenv==20.13.0
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.2.3
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
